---
title: Freedom for Fifa2020 . Deal?
date: 2019-03-20 23:00:00 +0000
thumb_img_path: "/images/Fifa2020games.jpg"
content_img_path: ''
excerpt: 'Fifa vs Real Gamer Life '
layout: post
subtitle: Fifa vs Real Gamer Life

---

Sooner or later, a full-time employee knocks on the ceiling - there is no position for him where he can earn more. At the same time, he often sets his life in such a way that he cannot afford the luxury of disguising himself and earning less for a certain period of time, because he already has obligations. I know people, phenomenal professionals, who would like to switch to their own, but can't, because they are hostages of loans taken out. After a while, a large salary turns from a blessing into a ball of opportunity like a Vandijk !!  

For most of my professional life I was active gamer and esports broadcaster. I also work as manager at many gaming site like this esports forum -> [https://esporttalk.org/u/shaco/summary](https://esporttalk.org/u/shaco/summary "https://esporttalk.org/u/shaco/summary") This is a specific environment where there are colossal sums of money. 

Nevertheless, I am sure that my experience can be translated into other industries. In every profession you can climb the career ladder. From a certain level, its levels give similar financial possibilities. Directors, managers or consultants are needed in every sector.

We are on the market like free ploughing in the evaluation of opportunities. Recruiter hunters attract us with a piece of fresh meat (read: fruit Tuesdays, MultiSport cards and company events) for which we give our freedom. We work eight hours a day to make other people's plans come true, because with a loan loss of four thousand and a high standard of living, we can't just sail away from a tight swimming pool to start hunting seals in open waters.